it is a great honor to meet you
I'm and all of anybody who's
done so much for ocean
conservation I see one of your
constituents is coming by i
notice you know doesn't seem
that excited about meeting the
president should be that's great
great to see you know there's so
many of your constituents who
are out there that most people
don't even know about
I i had a question for you and
that is what's it like going
down a thousand meters
I'd love to show you yeah I i
mean i've done some diving but I
think right around a hundred I
kind of say okay it's time to
turn back but we must get pretty
dark down there it is your most
of life on Earth lives in the
dark right all of the time
because below a thousand feet
and start that life persists
seven miles down
yeah that's part of what is now
you know protected right so
you're still driving up i'm
still breathing so course i'm
still yeah how many times have
you taken
oh you know 7,000 7,000 our
that's a lot of hours
no it's not okay but it think
about it how little of the ocean
we still know
yeah